The Joe Rogan experience.
Chromebooks are actually pretty logical because most,
mostly what people do is scroll. You can just go online and scroll.
I don't leave.
The house. So what do I need a laptop for? Are.
You like a completely locked down?
No, I just meant, cause I don't like, I love my house.
It wasn't because of Corona. This has been the case for many years.
So you haven't altered your behavior much at all because of Corona.
Cause this is what you've always done.
Well, I've altered it in that.
Like I want to travel more but everywhere everyone was closed.
There's no where to.
Go. Are you worried about the virus at all?
No. I'm worried about the response to the virus and,
and this has given some very, very bad people,
some very useful information about how much crap people put up with. Yes.
And, and that we're at a point where it's just like, oh yeah, we're, you know,
we're just going to open up.
Even though the metrics are worse than we're closed, but now a double masks,
why not?
And there was an onion article from 99 that said drinking dog P lessons,
risks of cancer, snickering researchers say,
and I'm telling you if they told people to start drinking dog pee people be on
Twitter, wondering what the best.
Breed. If Fowchee said it, he, they would do it.
There would be a large percentage of the population that would be sucking some.
And they would be yelling at you that you're not doing it. Yes.
Because how dare you not drink the golden retriever P which is the
golden standard of P to keep grandma from dying?
Well,
I think that's one of the things that's really fascinating about this pandemic
is that it's happening during the time of social media,
where we've never had anything like this before,
where group think is encouraged in the forest and people there
also because of the pandemic. So many people are just online all day. Sure.
Because they're unemployed or they're just,
they're out work from home and they're not really working.
They're just on Twitter all day.
And you're seeing this like these really crazy behavior patterns.
It's like people ganging up on people.
I don't think they're crazy at all. I think, you know,
I had this tweet was a huge backlash. And I said,
if you replace the term coronavirus of Jews,
all of a sudden the behavior of 1930s, Germany makes a lot more sense.
Cause one of the big questions back in the day is how did Hitler pull this off?
How do you convince a population of educated people to behave in just the most
inhuman ways?
And what we're seeing is when low status people are given an excuse to assert
dominance over other people, for whatever reason in illegitimate, in that case,
somewhat legitimate. In this case,
they will champion the bit to tell you to sit down and shut up and obey it.
It decentralizes the enforcement mechanism. I was on the subway in New York.
I've been New York, all my life.
I've never seen anything like this where an older man in his fifties was yelling
at an Asian dude who wasn't like, it's a rickshaw.
He was just like a regular Asian dude standing over him, screaming.
Where's your mass, go back where you came from. And it's like,
if you're this concerned about the virus, why are you coming close to him?
You're not care about the virus.
This is your excuse to be dominant and aggressive or someone in the most
despicable way possible.
That's a lot what you see in social media, right?
A lot of the really behavior is an excuse to be.
You know, like they found an Inn, right?
Exert their behavior being violently anti-racist is the
only way lower status.
Whites have an excuse to be dominant and better than somebody else.
This is the one leg up they have. So this becomes their identity.
You don't see it that much from people who are minorities or people who are
immigrants. Certainly people who are gay unless they went to college.
But you see it all the time with these lowest status, white,
especially white women, they can't, they're tripping over themselves.
Now they have a chance to yell at someone and feel empowered.
It's really reprehensible behavior. And if you want to stop this behavior,
that's not the way to do it. If you want to stop ignorant behavior,
educate people, be friendly with them, say, Hey, you know what?
I come from this background. You probably don't realize what you're saying,
but when you're saying this, this you're talking about my grandma.
And when someone comes at you like that, you're like, oh crap, I'm sorry.
You know, I didn't, I didn't mean a thing. You buy it.
And you've educated that person very quickly. I don't care about that.
It's all about dominance always.
And what do I need to say to get you to do what I want? Yeah.
And because of social media,
they have this weird little outlet now where a person isn't just talking to
someone on the subway. Now they're talking to everyone on somebody's feed.
They're talking to. And a lot of people chime in that.
Also want to reinforce this kind of behavior,
a lot of other low status people that are finally getting their voice heard on
something. And it's like, it's irrefutable, like wear a mask.
Like that's one of those irrefutable things. No one's going to argue with.
And it's like, if you're wearing a mask, why do you need me to wear a mask?
It's like, you don't need a condom and a diaphragm. Right? Um,
when we were kids, it would have been unimaginable for someone to say,
I yelled at my grandparents at Thanksgiving dinner for X, Y, and Z reason.
Everyone would be like, jock, nerd, whatever. Like what do,
what is wrong with you? And now they get applause. Now they'll go on Facebook.
I told off my grandma, I told off my so-called racist dad, homophobic mom.
And everyone's a good for you for standing up for yourself. No, you're an. Yeah.
Did you see that tick?
Talk of the white kid talking about how all white people are racist.
It's amazing because it's a perfect example of that.
It's a logical what he's saying like that, he's saying that he's racist, right?
Just by virtue of being white. And it's,
it's so bizarre to watch because he's a caricature.
He literally is like a parody. He's he's,
he's like one of those YouTube comedian parodies of the social justice warriors.
It hearkened. I made the point that, uh,
corporate America has done a much better job of importing Maoist,
communism than the Chinese party ever did. But this was what Mao invented.
North Korea still has it.
They had the struggle sessions where you get up with other colleagues and you
have to denounce yourself and say what you did, that was horrible.
Then they all be rate you. And then you point out, oh, I saw Joe doing this,
Joe. I saw Mike doing this and this was their kind of community because it keeps
everyone watching each other all the time. And it keeps everyone's so-called.
And by honest, they mean subservient to the regime. And there was a, um,
phone call conference call from Northwestern university.
I believe when all of the law students had to get on the call and say,
I'm white and I'm racist. Oh yes.
This happens increasingly where you are ordered to say,
you're at the very least racially insensitive. And it's like,
let me tell you something as an immigrant like this crap does not, uh,
sit well with me. It's just totally foreign to my thinking.
And it's such this acid, this Relic of American puritanism, you know,
this kind of like, we're all such sinners and we have to denounce ourselves.
It's this weird mix of Woodrow Wilson and chairman Mao.
Wow. That's an interesting way of putting it, but I think you're onto something.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.